Readme for bluepill example (#2)
rtfm-rs/examples: README.md

> Here you can find examples on different aspects of the RTFM scheduler.

## Structure

> This repo does have example applications based on RTFM framework for popular hardware platforms (hello Bluepill).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo does have example applications based on RTFM framework for popular hardware platforms (for example nRF series and Bluepill).
```

> `rtfm_v5` dir is for `RTFM` version `v0.5.x`. Each folder does have full project structure with readme, cargo.toml and other stuff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rtfm_v5` dir is for `RTFM` version `v0.5.x`. Each folder does have a full project structure with `README.md`, `Cargo.toml` and everything else needed to get the project to compile.
```

## Requirements

To run these examples, you need to have working environment as described in [Installing the tools](https://rust-embedded.github.io/book/intro/install.html) chapter of **The Embedded Rust Book**.

Short list:

* Rust and cargo

> * toolchain for your microcontroller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Toolchain for your microcontroller
```
